Add details about using Gazebo depth cameras (#2264)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/simulation/gazebo.md

The simulated camera is implemented in [PX4/PX4-SITL_gazebo/master/src/gazebo_camera_manager_plugin.cpp](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-SITL_gazebo/blob/master/src/gazebo_camera_manager_plugin.cpp). 
:::

## Simulated Depth Camera

The *Gazebo* [depth camera model](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-SITL_gazebo-classic/blob/main/models/depth_camera/depth_camera.sdf.jinja) simulates an Intel® RealSense™ D455 stereo depth camera using the [Openni Kinect plugin](https://classic.gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_gzplugins#OpenniKinect).

This publishes depth images and camera information on the `/camera/depth/image_raw` and `/camera/depth/camera_info` ROS topics respectively.

> To use these images, one should install ROS, bearing in mind the advice given at [the top of this page](http://docs.px4.io/main/en/simulation/gazebo.html#gazebo-simulation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these images, you will need to install ROS.
Note the warning at the top of this page about how to "avoid installation conflicts" when installing ROS and Gazebo.
```

> One can simulate a quadrotor with a forward-facing depth camera using:

Reviewer: Not incorrect, but very formal :-)

```suggestion
You can simulate a quadrotor with a forward-facing depth camera using:

```
